I like to show you an application i have made for converting a JPG file of an map to a javascript file which draws the same map on a Canvas element. 
The advantage of using Javascript to draw the map instead of using the JPG is that its smaller and mor dynamic.
You can extend the Javascript code to highlight surrenten countries based on events or hide countries and so on.
What you see is what an end result will look like in the application. 
If you save this it will make three files. 
One javascript file containing the methodes to draw the map and an array with the points taken form the drawing you have made in this application
which is usee to draw the map.
One HTML file containing an example of how to use the code.
One XML file containing the information to recreate the drawing when you close the app and want to work on it again later on.
The end result in the browser will look like this.
To create this result start with selecting the JPG which will be the base for your drawing. Preverably converted to a black and white so you can 
easaly distinquise it from the collord lines you can draw with this application.
Then you can create the border endpoints. 
Select Borderendpoint under What to draw to start this.
Create them at the endpoints of a shared border between two countries.
This way you can use this border for both countries. 
Create att least three endpoint for each country even if it does not share a border with another country for instance when you draw an island.
Create a few extra border endpoints on a large or complex country. 
There is no undo yet if you make a mistake during shaping a border. 
But you can delete the border it and start over.
When you split is up in more endpoints you don't need to recreate to much work.
Once you have created two endpoint you can create the borders.
Select Borders under what to draw.
Select the two endpoints in the dropdown.
If you don't rember the number the application automatically will provide for a endpoint you can go back to drawing endpoints and click on
a point to select it. 
If you click near or on a endpoint it will select this endpoint and not create a new one.
A selected endpoint can also be deleted this way except when it is allready part of an border.
Click create to create a border. 
A once create border can be delete with the delete button.
A border can be shape by clicking on it with the mouse and draging it while holding down the mousebutton.
It will warn you when you create an intersection with another line.
It will also warn you if you create a new point to close to another point. 
This way i hope te protect you from creating too many endpoints.
Once you have drawn all the borders you can create a country.
Give it a name and select all the borders by clicking on them or by selecting them in de dropdown and click add.
Once you have added all the borders you can click add to add the country to the list of countries.
Save the file and enjoy.


